Hello, and welcome to Linux Action News, our weekly take on Linux and the open source world.
This is episode 90, recorded on January 27th, 2019. I'm Chris.
And I'm Joe.
Hello, Joe. It's good to be connected with you and on a particularly busy week for you.
Yeah, we launched a new show this week hosted by me and Jason Evangelo called Choose Linux.
Congratulations, Joe and Jason. This show has already received a ton of great feedback.
And I think listener Jacob summed it up beautifully. He said it isn't just a new show.
It's a fresh take on a great subject. And you mixed with Jason is an excellent pairing because
Jason's coming into this fresh. He recently switched to Linux about six months ago. And of
course, you've been using Linux for more than a decade. You're sort of set in your way. So
it's it's optimist versus, we'll say pragmatist. That's one way to put it. Yeah. But it's really
blended well, it's not confrontational. And for somebody like me, who's been using Linux for a
really long time, it's actually really beneficial to hear these fresh perspectives, especially since
Linux has changed so much since I joined. So I really enjoyed episode one choose Linux show,
if you guys want to check it out. And congratulations, Joe.
Yeah, thanks. It was a lot of fun that first episode and we'd be doing it every two weeks.
So yeah, choose Linux dot show, check it out. Well, and speaking of Jason Evangelo,
he starts off the news this week with a story about steam for Linux now letting you play
other Windows games that are outside of steam. So wrap your head around this for a moment.
You grab a game from gog.com. You can now execute it using steam to play the game with proton.
If you're new to the show, that sentence probably doesn't make any sense.
Yeah, I suppose we should back up and explain that proton is this compatibility tool that
valve paid to have developed that's based on wine that allows you to play Windows versions
of steam games. Now being able to play games that are not coming from steam, that seems very strange
to me that they would enable this. It's good. It's excellent for gamers who want to play Windows
games that aren't available natively on Linux. But it just seems like a very strange play from
valve to allow this to happen. Yeah, it is a bit unexpected, isn't it? Maybe after all,
it's their investment into proton. And so it could be their secret sauce that only
they make user friendly. But it was possible for on the command line, you just kind of had to go
dig around. I even linked to a tutorial weeks ago and Linux unplugged that would let you run games
and office apps and things like that using proton. So it wasn't a momentous amount of work. It is an
indication, I think, that they're trying to make an overall investment in Linux as a gaming platform.
And at the end of the day, it means you're still opening up steam and you're still in that steam
ecosystem. Yeah, that is true. And it'd be the same of steam OS if that ever makes a comeback.
So I can see why they've done it from that point of view. But this really is just the perfect time
to get into Linux. You can see why people like Jason have got this enthusiasm. There just seem
to be fewer and fewer barriers now to get into Linux. And it goes back to over a year ago when
you were talking about the difference between the pragmatists and the idealists. This is really
pragmatic stuff. This is not free software we're talking about here. But people who are getting
into Linux for the first time, probably don't really care about that. And I'd prefer people
to be using Linux and proprietary software on top of that than to be running a completely
proprietary stack in Windows or Mac OS. Oh, absolutely. And if you think about it,
it is open source software that is enabling this proton and wine. That's all open source.
And Vulkan is a standard, an open standard. So it might be commercial games that are running on top
of this stack. But the stack itself is open source. And I know that when I switched to Linux,
the very first applications I needed to run were Microsoft Office, like Outlook and Word and Excel.
So that way I could keep up with the other people in the office. And it wasn't until later that I
started to appreciate that it was all free software underneath that was making it possible for me to
do that. And later on, when I did make that connection, I had an enormous amount of
appreciation and respect for that free software because I understood what they were enabling.
So at least in my case, that kind of backwards way into the free software world ended up giving
me a really deep appreciation for free software once it all clicked. Yeah, hopefully that'll be
the case for people like Jason. And with the new Wine 4.0 release, it's going to be even easier to
run Windows applications. Wine is really moving now. 4.0, it's been about a year of development,
6000 individual changes, including Vulkan support, Direct3D 12 support, official full fledged game
controller support. And for Android users that are attempting to use Wine, there's now high DPI
support. And that's just that's just really skimming the surface. We have the full release
notes linked in the show notes. Yeah, looking through those notes, it seemed to be a lot of
graphical stuff and a lot of gaming related development there, which isn't a huge surprise,
really, given that that is one of the primary uses of it these days. Well, I think we're seeing some
of those Proton fixes and upstream code getting integrated back into mainline Wine, like this
Vulkan support, I'm sure is in part at least due to the work on Proton. And that's, again,
just the beauty of free software. Well, speaking of Windows and Microsoft, there was a story that
came out of a fairly unlikely source this week that surprised a lot of us. If this story pans out,
this could be one of the biggest stories in Microsoft's history. And it's linked because
someone inside the company wanted to update their social profile on LinkedIn. It's just,
I love 2019 already. And the profile in question was a security program manager that was tasked
with, quote, the security of Windows Core OS from malicious actors and code. All right,
so stop right there. We haven't seen any official announcements of any actually of any capacity,
unofficial or official or teases from Microsoft that use the word and branding Windows Core OS.
The core branding has been what Microsoft has used as they've moved their projects to open source
.NET Core, PowerShell Core. So we have seen that branding used before, but we've never seen
Windows Core. Now, moving on from that, that same security program manager then said in his profile
update to, quote, improve the security posture of Windows open source components through initiatives
that investigate vulnerabilities found and establish a process for remediation. So if you connect the
dots between the two, you start to have reason to suspect that Windows Core OS will rely on some
open source components, which brings us to this rumor that there could be some kind of open source
Windows Core. Now, maybe that would be a new project in the case of the other core projects,
or maybe it would be a bundling of existing components. That much isn't clear, but it does
seem like maybe something is in the works here, and it lines up with rumors that have been
circulating for about two years or so. Well, I know it's a bit late in the year to be doing
predictions, but I can almost guarantee that it's not going to be called Windows Core OS because
Red Hat would have some serious words with them if they use the Core OS branding. So I think just
Windows Core, probably. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, I hadn't thought of that. That is a good point.
And what would this be? Would this be the basis of a future version of Windows? Would this be the
basis of Windows Server and Windows Desktop for the next release? There's a lot of questions you
have with that. And what license would they use? MIT, Apache, some weird Microsoft license?
Definitely not GPL. No, I would say the chances of a copy left are very slim. I think almost
certainly some sort of permissive license because there's going to be huge chunks of proprietary
code in there as well. Unless they do come out and completely surprise us and have a completely
open source version of Windows and then just try and sell services on top of that, you never know.
Right. And then there's the whole moral quandary. For people that use open source software and free
software for the moral reasons, what happens when Windows starts to get based on an open core? Maybe
it's just as open to say as a BSD. And what do you do in that scenario if you're using open source
software for moral reasons? That's a question I posed our virtual lug in Linux Unplugged on
episode 285. I asked them, I said, what would you do? And we have Brent who's a professional
photographer. He uses Linux to do photography. And I said, if you could run an open source Windows
desktop and then run proprietary Adobe applications on top of that, would that be tempting? And I want
to turn that around and ask that to you, Joe. Just theoretically, if you could just say this is 10
years down the road, you could install an open source Windows desktop where everything that
shipped off of the ISO image is open source, but then you could install commercial Adobe applications.
Would that be a tempting desktop to you?
Well, I'd have to try it out. And I don't think that it would be necessarily something that I
wouldn't use just because it was Microsoft. If it was properly open source, then obviously people
would be all over it looking for backdoors and problems with it because it just be a great scoop
to find that stuff. So I would trust it if it was properly open source. And then I'd just assess it
on its merits, compare it with Ubuntu and Arch and the various other Linux distros. And if there
was good software support for it, then I would consider switching to it definitely.
Yeah, I think I'm somewhere in between there. I think I am. I think I definitely have to give it
a go and try it and see what they'd come up with. But they'd also have to have iterated the UI
quite a bit for me to like it. I know it works great for some people, but for me personally,
it reminds me of my days doing IT support. And I find it to be a little old school and cumbersome
and like a mix of different UI styles and resolutions and I just don't like it. So it would
also need some iteration there. You know what would be great is the Plasma desktop. And if I could
have everything GPL and maybe if I could have Bash for the terminal prompt, then I'm good to go.
Well, it's all speculation. And I think the chances are that this is much more likely to be sort of
IoT stuff because there's too much legacy with the Windows desktop and the NT kernel. There's so much
software. You can run versions of Photoshop or just all sorts of software from 10 plus years ago,
and it works fine on Windows 10. And to just throw all of that away seems very unlikely unless they
had some sort of wine like compatibility layer, which is not beyond the realms of possibility,
given that they're doing this Windows on ARM thing, which uses translation layers and stuff. So
who knows? You can also see this going the iOS route where they sort of do a reset with Windows
core. And just like you said, it focuses on IoT and ARM type devices at first. And then as the
operating system becomes more feature rich and ARM processors get faster, it could eventually become
the desktop component as well. Like it just it just assumes more roles and responsibilities and
the core remains the same and you build the user land on top of that sort of like it works in Linux
actually. And I could definitely see it going that direction if the industry overall starts switching
to ARM processors for laptops and desktops. You could see them just taking this OS and growing
it over time and not necessarily a full reboot of the Windows code, but a pretty big reset,
maybe a little bit of a house cleaning. It could be long term, the future Windows, or it could just
be absolutely nothing. And if it is the future, then them switching over to blink is the base of
edge means that pretty much all the applications we're going to get will be electrons. So it'll be
pretty much the same as Linux. Man, that stings in like five different ways. But let's bring it
back to the present. Stop talking about the future. And the present is running Ubuntu VMs on
Windows if you want a decent command line experience. Yes, of course, there is the Windows
subsystem for Linux. But now my friends, there's something even a little more powerful. And it's
being brought to you by Canonical's multipass. Yeah, there's now a third way to run Ubuntu on
Windows 10, which is quite strange. And multipass is kind of somewhere in between the subsystem for
Linux, which is not really Linux because there's no Linux kernel. But it's all command line or
hyper V, which is VMs with a GUI. Whereas multipass uses hyper V, but it's all command line
based. So it's much easier to script. But it does have the full kernel, including snaps and things
right, multi pass is using hyper V. So it's a whole proper VM. But it's designed around being
managed from the command line. And you could script it with PowerShell even if you wanted to.
So you really isn't it kind of weird, like Windows 10, it you got three different ways now to enjoy
your Ubuntu. So the subsystem for Linux is fine, unless you need things that the Linux kernel
exposes. That's where we're virtualization comes in. And then it's like, well, what kind of
virtualization do you need? Are you running GUI applications, then you probably want to run this
optimized version of hyper V that's in the store, that canonical worked with Microsoft to integrate
and make the mouse work nice and all that kind of stuff. But if you want to emulate at the command
line to do server side development and things like that, well, that's where multi pass comes in. You're
doing some cloud based development with some CI and CD. That's where multi pass comes in. And it's
just strange that there are three now different ways to use Ubuntu, not to mention you could
install Ubuntu on the PC. So there's, there's really four. The actual tell here is that there
must be a market for it. Because it's not like Microsoft and canonical are just going to jointly
decide to waste time doing this. Like, hey, hey, hey, Mark, how could we burn a few hours? Like,
that's not what's going on here, right? They must be seeing customer demand and saying, okay, well,
let's invest in this area, which means that not only is there a market for the subsystem on
windows, which we weren't even totally sure of at the time, but now looking at it seems obvious,
but there's a market for multiple types of virtualization of Ubuntu on windows.
There obviously is. Don't forget, you can also have VMware or virtual box as well. So you've
just got almost unlimited options now.
Unless you're on Windows S, then you don't get any of this. You can go screw yourself.
You gotta love how they differentiate the products with these fake registry entries and whatnot.
Yeah, well, I've heard it's pretty easy to hack that if you know what you're doing. Of course,
multi pass was available already on Linux and even Mac OS. So it's almost a bit late to the
party with Windows, but there must have been the demand there. And it's just more pragmatism from
canonical. They just seem to be getting closer and closer to Microsoft and more and more ties there
and making my predictions come even closer to becoming true, I think.
Of course, that's where you go. Of course. You know, it is that pragmatism, though. This is
the result of that refocusing is work where you've got leverage. If you've got a
if you've got a large market doing development for cloud servers running Ubuntu on Windows,
you go to where that market's at. The same thing is happening with Ubuntu Core, which has seen
a pretty big update. Ubuntu Core 18 has been released. And like the name implies, it's based
on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS. But the interesting tell in this press release by canonical
is how much they've worked in hand with Dell to develop this.
Yeah, this was actually kind of soft released back in December.
It was released for testing as stable, but now they're making a big song and dance about it as
being the proper release announcement, I suppose. Right. And it might be that Dell just got to
certifying Ubuntu Core for all of their edge gateway platforms. So now is the chance to
announce it now that that milestone has been reached. Yeah, that seems pretty likely. But
they've also said that it's going to be supported for 10 years, asterisk, if you're willing to pay.
Right. So it's kind of in line with the standard 18.04. This is another confirmation that we're
going to see full 10 year support for 18.04, because if they're offering it here on the
Ubuntu Core 18 release, which is based on 18.04, well, the way they accomplish that is by
maintaining 18.04. So while we don't have specifics on how that program is going to work and
fair enough to canonical, we've got a few years, so we don't need specifics yet.
It looks like this is more confirmation. And the wording they use around it, I think, is choice.
I want to read the quote from their press release. It says, Ubuntu Core 18 will receive 10 years
low cost security maintenance. Low cost, Joe. Yeah, low cost. I think it's a case of if you
have to ask, then, you know, you can't afford it. Yeah. And then there was a poll quote in here
they have from Dell's vice president of global IoT and embedded sales. And it goes, we see enormous
interest in customers wanting to take advantage of the built in app store infrastructure to securely
maintain and deliver new functionality at the edge. So the one of the things that really makes
the Ubuntu Core product stand out is it's a very super minimal Ubuntu install. And then the
application and server functionality is mostly provided via snaps. So if you're an IoT vendor,
you bundle your applications that are your secret sauce or your special offering in a snap,
you publish that and then you update these devices via snap packages. So you get the containment,
you get the publishing features of the snap store. But it does mean you're using canonical snap store
to manage your IoT device applications, as far as I know, because there is no open source,
self hosted version of the snap store. So that's the kind of catch to this, I think. But if you're
comfortable as a publisher, publishing through canonical snap store, you're good to go. And I
would think in most cases, commercial vendors are just fine doing that. They prefer having
a commercial contract with a business in place, I would imagine.
Well, yeah, that's the whole point of this. It's a completely managed solution for IoT and edge
devices, that you can just stick them out in the wild. And they'll self update with these snaps.
And if anything goes wrong, they've got rollback functionality that automatically happens.
And so it's just set it and forget it almost. Right. And what jumped out at me was that they're
only using strictly confined snaps here. So it's not like the desktop where you've got classic
confinement, which is just no confinement. This is all about security.
This is a really good package. They've got they've got more going on here than I think any
other Linux vendor does because you've got the ubiquity of Ubuntu. So you have a huge development
community that's already writing software for that platform. It's the most widely deployed Linux in
the world. As far as I know, I know that there's a lot of Red Hat installs. But when you when you
start adding up containers and VPS, I don't think anybody beats Ubuntu. You get support from
Canonical for the release. You get them managing the store. You get the convenience of shipping
software in Snap. So imagine your Backblaze, for example, and you want to offer reliable backup
appliances. You could base it on Ubuntu Core 18. You could deliver the the Backblaze applications
via a snap that you can continuously update. And then you could snap up that same Backblaze
backup client for all of the other appliances in the world based on Ubuntu and Ubuntu desktops.
If you want, you can get a big fat support contract with Canonical and you get 10 years
of OS support. And it's from how you publish the software to the developer bits to how you ship it
is all laid out for you. It's a pretty compelling package. And the alternative is that you have every
single vendor rolling their own system, your TP links, your remote plugs, your iHome systems.
They're all rolling their own Linux with their own application delivery system with their own
package management system complete their own. They're just reinventing almost the entire
distribution for every single one of these IOT devices. And it's not their core competency.
I just it's it's one of these things where I wish I could take these IOT vendors and shake them and
say, look at this, you know? Yeah, if only. It really does go to show that Shotworth has really
focused now on profitability. This is just a further proof of it. As far as I can see,
he's kind of stopped messing around with his own custom desktop, the phone's convergence and all
of that stuff. He's using Grome upstream with some tweaks to be fair on the desktop, but he's
made that job considerably easier and there's still money being made from that. But the focus
has really been on snaps for a long time. And this is why you can just see that this is potentially
a huge growth market for them. And it feels like the other Linux vendors are somewhat missing the
boat here, whereas Canonical have really been putting the work in and getting the underpinnings
right for the last couple of years. And now, as more and more and more of these IOT devices and
edge devices get made and these companies realize that a solution like this actually does make
sense for them to pay money for, then it starts to look very good for Canonical in the kind of
medium term. Well, speaking of upstream for Ubuntu, Debian was in the news in the last week
for a flaw in apt. And as quickly as the flaw got attention, a fix has been released. Yeah,
I thought this was worth mentioning because Debian reacted very quickly here with the fix,
but not only that, they also rerolled the images, which is quite an unusual step for a security fix.
It goes to show how important this was and how critical a security hole we were facing here.
And so they respond all of the images with just that one fix. I really liked Wes's breakdown in
Linux Unplugged 285, linuxunplugged.com slash 285, because we also jumped into the HTTPS stuff a
little bit too. Why? Why does Debian use HTTP and all of that? And Wes is so good at just deep diving
into some of these particular topics. I mean, that's why he's on TechSnap, right? That's what
TechSnap is all about. But so I just basically said, Hey, Wes, go TechSnap on this for me.
And it was good. So I mean, now to see a fix out there. Well, I have a lot of appreciation
for Debian. And I do wonder if the HTTPS thing doesn't stick around, if that conversation doesn't
continue now that this fix is out there. Yeah, I've been reading about this and I do see why
they have chosen to go the non HTTPS route. But I think that ultimately they're going to
have to do that. They do have other mechanisms in place with GPG signing and everything. But
why take the risk? Why not go belt and braces with it? And at least have it as default,
maybe have the option there to turn it off if it's going to cause problems. But I think that
ultimately that's probably the way they're going to go with it. Well, Joe, speaking of knowing the
way things were going to go, ultimately, who didn't see this one coming? It appears that Google
will be making adjustments to the Chromium project to make it harder to block ads. Yeah,
there's been a big stink about this on the internet this week. And I think there's been
quite a lot of click baity headlines and videos saying that it's Google definitely doing this,
whereas in reality, it's a proposal at this stage. It seems fairly likely that it will happen,
but it may not. So I don't think we should be jumping to too many conclusions. And the long
and the short of it is that the way plugins are handled in Chromium, and therefore Chrome,
is going to be tightened up. And that means that ad blockers, less so with adblock plus,
but much more so with ublock origin, they're just not going to work properly. And it's going to be
very difficult for the devs of those projects to make those plugins actually block ads.
And so obviously, everyone's jumping to this conclusion of, well, Google's an ad company,
and therefore they don't want to block ads. They did add a bit of ad blocking to Chrome
fairly recently, but that's very selective blocking. But I don't necessarily believe that
that is the motivation here. Maybe I'm being naive, but I genuinely think it is about making
the browser more secure. And I think that you potentially got just different departments,
and they're not even necessarily thinking about the advertising revenue and everything. I think
it's maybe, maybe, maybe I'm being naive, but I think it is just them wanting to make the browser
better. I think you got two issues going on here. Number one is the way the extensions worked before
in brief is they could intercept network traffic and manage that network traffic before it was
handed off to the Chrome render engine. That causes delay and obviously introduces security
risks because not every Chrome extension is respecting of your privacy. And the flip side
of that is that they can eliminate things from the network stream before it even hits the render
engine. But that also means the render engine is waiting on these plugins to sift through the
network traffic. The Google engineers are looking at this and they're saying to themselves, this is
obviously insecure. Obviously, the way we need to do this is the render engine receives the network
traffic first, and then it hands it off to a plugin. The catch is these plugins, when we hand
them the traffic, they can only have a list of 30,000 items they check for. And after that, we're
going to cut them off because that takes too long. And of course, when you consider the web and
advertising, the list is much, much longer than that. And then to kind of really drill it in,
they said, and we're also not going to let you use this web URL hook that we had where you could
update your list. You can't do that anymore either because of privacy, but that they weren't so clear
on. So you have that happening. And I completely agree with the engineers. It is frankly, a
horrible design to have the traffic be intercepted by the plugins first, because you could have God
knows what in your plugins that could be injecting ads, malware, you name it. Intercepting traffic
goes on and on. Obviously, that's clear. But that was a decision they made seven years ago.
And that's not like they accidentally designed the system that way. They didn't just oops,
this is how it turned out. It was a clear engineering decision. And there are entire
projects and companies now based around that engineering decision. And now Google is going
back to the drawing board and saying, we're redoing the plumbing on this. And you've lost your tap.
Yeah, but sometimes you make bad decisions and then come to regret them. And that's clearly what
has happened here. And is it not fair enough for them to decide, well, actually, maybe we shouldn't
be doing it like this? Yeah, I think it actually is. It absolutely is. And it's probably a step
that they should take for security reasons. I feel like though, I got to tell you, Joe,
I am still not super thrilled about it because we have entered now a realm where so many downstream
projects are based on Blink. And if they make a massive change in Blink, it changes so many
other projects. Opera, Vivaldi, Edge. I mean, it's like the ramifications now are at a whole
other level. And it seems awful damn convenient that they decided to engineer this one way when
they needed as much market share as possible. So yeah, your crazy ad blocking plugins that
fundamentally undermine our revenue model, they're fine. Like who didn't think this was going to
change? Who didn't think one day if Google got enough market share, they were going to flip this
lever the other direction and kick out the ad blockers? I've been expecting this for years
since they launched the browser. I expected this change. And I guess I'm just I'm a little
disappointed and a little bummed out that it actually is coming to fruition. It's actually
happening because it's just the beginning of Google applying the massive leverage they have
now. Are you saying it's a bit like Amazon driving all of the bookstores out of business and then
opening up their own? Yes, it's it's it's exactly like that. That's what's happening here. And all
of us that downloaded and installed Chrome, I'm one of them. I think we all knew deep down what
we were what we were enabling. Yeah. Well, I'm still looking at Firefox. I've got crime installed
for the other thing that means it. But yeah, I got to say you you have one of the most levelheaded
takes on this story. And you are a committed Firefox user. Yeah, because I don't really care.
It's the bottom line. Yeah. And it's somebody who bounces between Firefox and Chrome on a daily
basis. Like I'm a I'm a dual brow. I'm actually a three browser guy. I always have a third browser
on every platform. It's usually gnome web or, you know, epiphany or something like that. But I or
opera or Vivaldi, like I've always got a third browser. So I'm kind of hedging my bets. But at
the same time, I actually think Google should make this change. Not only do we need to lie in the bed
that we've made for ourselves, that's just we that's that's what that's the situation we have
now. But also, this is a proper security change that the former tech snap co host in me can't
help but notice that having plugins intercept web traffic is extremely bad. We should change that.
But as well having multiple browsers, you need to learn to use private windows, man, you can at least
have two Google accounts locked in or whatever. Yeah, if you have a private window open. Mm hmm.
Yeah, I think it's because I used computers back before we had like multitasking and proper like
protected memory and all of that. So I over the many, many decades now that I've been using PCs,
I've I've just ingrained in myself that if something's really important, it has its own
dedicated process. It has like something else can completely collapse. But that thing I'm working on,
that process still lives. And I just I can't get out of that. Even though now web browsers take
many gigs of RAM, I still operate like that. All right, well, let's end with a bit more future
speculation. And it seems that Google are very serious about bringing this to market in one
shape or another. Have you noticed that the future news has accelerated like we're getting more and
more stories about fuchsia, especially when you consider that we first found out about this in
2016. And now we're getting stories like on a weekly basis. And what's developed this week
is Google has hired a 14 year Apple veteran engineer Bill Stevenson, who was rather well
known for being the go to triage and diagnosed person for application framework issues in Mac OS.
He remained in the Mac OS organization for a long stint at Apple. He became the senior engineering
program manager for four years. His responsibilities towards the end of his run was the PM and
technical lead for airplay. Find my Mac iCloud for Mac airdrop and snow leopard. He also worked on the
most recent Mojave release. And he led teams responsible for the build and program management
of Mojave, which is considered to be a fairly decent Mac OS release with all things considered.
So he's somebody who's experienced with shipping large scale operating systems and dealing with
features that have a cloud tie in. Yeah, he seems to be the perfect man for the job, essentially.
And like so many things, LinkedIn is a source of news on this as well. In a post on LinkedIn,
Stevenson specifically said he was joining Google to help bring a new operating system called fuchsia
to market. So that's the phase they're in now. Yeah, it remains to be seen exactly what it's
going to be. It seems much more likely to be like a smart speaker or screen or something than a
phone. But you never know. Yeah, I guess you don't. And something tells me you're going to find out
sooner than later. And we'll let you know. So check back right here. And if you're not subscribed
yet, go to Linux action news.com slash subscribe for all the ways to get new episodes. And you can
go to Linux action news.com slash contact for ways to get in touch with us. And don't forget to
check out the new show go to choose Linux dot show and you can get Episode One there as well as
subscribe to the feeds. And if it's not in your podcast player yet, it will be soon it's populating
in all the different areas. But you can subscribe directly by just putting choose Linux dot show
slash RSS in your favorite podcatcher. We'll be back next Monday with our weekly take on the
latest Linux and open source news. I am at Chris LAS. I'm at Joel Ressington. Thank you for joining
us. And we will see you next week. See you next week.